Snuka a game played by two people in
serene gentlemanly surroundings unless
your name is Quinton Han and you're
playing snooker against a brainiac
welcome to the conclusion of this
special brainiac match where we're
heading for an explosive finish as
Quinton hang closes in on a one-horse
open maximum a brainiac is very
frustrated he hasn't had a chance to
play a shot in this deciding frame of
course as with all brainiac snooker
matches there's the science to contend
with as well all six pockets are wired
to a fuse one pocket pro caravan each
caravan is filled with a different tonic
of gas or explosive Quinton is now on
the yellow if he prophet will see a
propane explosion or c3h8 as the
scientific community like to call it
there he spotted it nicely filled at the
fuse a brainiac finally gets a chance to
get out of his seat but not to come back
to the table again I went in the
top-left pocket so keep your eye on the
top left Caravan only a matter of
seconds now before the explosion
there it is look at the super slo-mo
replay you can see a nice switch play
running out the side of the caravan the
propane flame is often described as
luminous it's also provided a smoke ring
from the air vent on the roof campaign
is obviously flammable but it's also
colorless and can be easily liquefied
which makes it an ideal fuel for
portable stoves these replays are from a
high-speed camera that can shoot at a
thousand frames per second to give you
an idea of how fast that is normal
television pictures are only shot at 25
frames per second high-speed shots give
us the ability to see exactly what
happens to our caravans and savor every
moment of their destruction